>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>> People basically are going
to keep on to help uncover what
really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>> GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to Beyond Belief.
I'm George Noory.
And we've got a
fascinating program for you
today, as we talk
about Biblical prophecy
and just what's going to
happen to us in the future.
Our special guest, of
course, Paul McGuire.
He is a professor
at King's College.
He is an expert
on Bible prophecy,
current events,
and things that are
going to happen to us
that will make you cringe.
Paul, welcome to the program.
>> PAUL MCGUIRE:
George, great to be on.
>> NOORY: How did you get
interested in Biblical
prophecy?
>> MCGUIRE: Well, let me start
by saying I hated Biblical
prophecy and I hated the Bible.
Truly, when I was
a kid and when I
was in college-- last book
in the world I would read.
>> NOORY: You didn't get
it as a kid, did you?
>> MCGUIRE: No, didn't
get it in college, either.
I hated Christians, thought
it was a religion for morons.
But then I began to read it.
And then I really
began to read it,
and I realized that the
Bible-- the Old Testament
and New Testament-- isn't
just some archaic language.
It deals with DNA,
holographs, digital reality,
virtual worlds,
all kinds of stuff.
And when you get that,
the book becomes alive.
>> NOORY: I was
like you as a kid.
I didn't hate it, but
I wanted to learn it,
and I wanted to read it.
So when I started
reading the Bible,
specifically Genesis,
I was fascinated by it.
Because I was trying to figure
out what does it really mean?
Are we talking
about fallen angels?
Are we talking about
extraterrestrials?
What is this?
And what did they see,
what did they witness,
in order to write these
stories like that?
I got hooked that way.
Much like you, nonreligious
when it came to
that-- I was raised a
Catholic, but I really
wanted to just dive
into what did it mean.
And then the book of Revelation
was fascinating for me.
I was hooked after that.
>> MCGUIRE: Well, yeah
that's what happened to me.
And when I realized
that the story of Noah
was not the story of some
funky old man with a beard
and a cute boat with
all these animals,
I realized that it was a DNA
holographic digital story,
and that the reason
for the flood
was that God was
judging global planetary
corruption of the DNA, and
that the purpose of the ark
was to take the animals and
the human beings that did not
have the corrupted DNA
and replenish the earth.
But as you know, George,
the big secret-- and that
makes the whole
thing explode-- is
that the DNA that
God was wiping out
was inter-dimensional being
that mated with human women.
And that's mind-blowing.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
As they said in
Genesis-- and I found
that, as an adult reading
it again, I'm going,
how can this be?
How can these
inter-dimensional beings
be mating with humans,
creating these offspring?
What do you think
really happened?
Interpret this for me,
based on your perception.
>> MCGUIRE: Well, let me
say this really briefly.
When you flip over the back of
your dollar, there's a phoenix.
Now that's a symbol.
In ancient Phoenicia,
where Mount Hermon was,
there was a descent,
from another dimension,
of thousands of
inter-dimensional beings
to Mount Hermon in Phoenicia.
They mated with human
women, producing
a hybrid species
called the Nephilim.
And they were the star children.
They were the God-men.
They were the people
that caused Atlantis
to be a super civilization.
And so it gets so intense.
And then you go to
the Tower of Babel,
and you realize that the Tower
of Babel and Babylon, which
is literally translated
"gate of the gods,"
Babylon and the Tower
of Babel is a stargate.
It's an in inter-dimensional
portal to bring in these beings
from another dimension.
>> NOORY: That's
how they got here.
>> MCGUIRE: Exactly.
Right.
>> NOORY: And one day
we'll truly figure it out.
We're getting close, I
think, scientifically,
to understanding about
these portals and stargates.
I think maybe wormholes
might be part of those.
Who knows?
>> MCGUIRE: Well, you're right.
The Bible seems to be
so sometimes archaic.
But because our science
has exponentially grown--
we're into quantum physics
and skalar technology
and string theory and stuff.
All of a sudden these
ambiguous passages,
they open up in light of
modern science and physics.
>> NOORY: So a couple weeks ago,
I'm dealing with my credit card
on the phone, right.
And everything's touch-tone
and punch in, right.
So they said, please
punch in the first three
letters of your last name.
And so I'm looking at the phone,
and I'm going, oh my gosh-
6, 6, 6.
I said I'm the anti-Christ.
How can this be?
>> MCGUIRE: Yeah,
how could it be?
>> NOORY: This sign of the
beast, this 666, what is that?
>> MCGUIRE: Well, what's
fascinating about that,
is that that prediction, made
by John when he had the vision
in the Book of Revelation, talks
about the mark of the beast--
666.
That was written,
what, 2000 years ago?
And here we are.
And we now have nanochip,
biochip, microchip technology,
which carries identity,
and can handle
commerce and financial
transactions.
And in Revelation, Chapter
11, and Revelation 13,
we read about this
global economic system,
which incorporates this "mark
of the beast" technology.
Who would've thought
that John could
have seen this 2000 years ago?
So we are moving into
an integrated world,
where it's a cashless society.
But more than that, all
monetary transactions
will be done with a chip.
Now the Bible talks about this.
>> MCGUIRE: And we're
going that way fast.
>> MCGUIRE: We're here.
We're here.
>> NOORY: People are
holding back-- some people--
but they're forcing
us, piece by piece.
I had a story on Coast
to Coast-- biometrics,
where they'll put a
chip in your palm.
You won't need your credit card.
Everything will be
connected to your checking
account at your bank.
All you do is just walk by
the scanner, and go [BEEP].
And they take the
money out of whatever
account you've designated,
and you're done.
That's frightening.
>> MCGUIRE: It is frightening.
And the other thing
that's interesting,
it talks about in the
Book of Revelation that,
in order to get quote,
"the mark of the beast,"
you have to pledge
allegiance to what
the Bible calls the Antichrist.
So that-- that implies some
kind of virtual control
mechanism in the technology.
So when you analyze computer
technology, and the computer
brain interfaces,
and the world brain,
you can monitor
people's brain waves.
You know what they're thinking.
You know whether they're
compliant or rebellious.
So if you're
compliant, then you get
to participate in the
global economic system.
But even if you don't
vocalize your rebellion,
the microchip can
read your brain waves,
transmit it to a
global brain, and you
get booted out of
buying and selling.
>> NOORY: That's right.
Which is exactly what
they said in the Bible--
that if you don't basically
move into this system,
you won't be able
to buy or sell.
And it's right there
for you to see.
>> MCGUIRE: And again, who
would've ever thought that they
would have understood
that 2000 years ago?
And I get people saying
to me all the time, well,
it literally means tattoo.
That's irrelevant.
Because as you know, tattoos
now have computer technology
embedded in the tattoos.
So it doesn't matter
whether it's a tattoo
or it's a nanochip
implant, which
could be a molecular microchip
implant in the bloodstream.
I mean, it's microscopic.
>> NOORY: Originally I had
thought that the social
security numbers that we all
have might have been the sign
of the beast.
Because you need it to work.
You really need it to
get by in this society.
But I grew out of that.
Did you think that way, too,
that maybe the social security
number they gave us was that?
Because they forced
us to take one.
Without one you don't work.
And now when you're a
baby-- babies are born,
they get 'em right away.
>> MCGUIRE: I think it
was a early warning.
And I'm not trying to make
a political statement here,
because if you do
the research, it
goes into both
Republican and Democrat.
But in all this
health care technology
that goes back even before
Obama, in the language,
there's a medchip, which
I believe the medchip
is a snap of a fingers away
from the microchip implant.
So you get a medchip,
but that could
be activated to be
a microchip implant.
And I personally believe
that there's a lot--
I don't want to scare people,
but I think there is--
>> NOORY: Aww, scare 'em, Paul.
>> MCGUIRE: All right.
I believe there's millions of
people in the United States
who have nanochip
implants inside of them
already, through various
means of getting them.
>> NOORY: And they
don't even know it.
>> MCGUIRE: They
Perhaps they're not
activated yet, or whatever.
But those nanochip implants
are in their bodies.
>> NOORY: Through
maybe vaccines?
>> MCGUIRE: Vaccines,
yeah, absolutely.
And I'm not saying you
shouldn't give your kids,
at a certain age, a vaccine.
I'm not saying that.
But I don't run around
getting unnecessary vaccines.
Because I don't want--
>> NOORY: Well, I
don't get the flu shot.
And I clearly tell people,
this is your decision.
I'm not telling you to get it.
I'm not telling
you not to get it.
That's up to you.
I'm just telling you what I do.
I don't get it.
I haven't had the
flu, and I don't
think I can remember
if I ever had the flu.
>> MCGUIRE: Me, too.
I mean, I do antioxidants.
I do nutrition.
There's no way I'm going to
get a needle stuck in me.
Because the person
giving me the shot
doesn't know if there's
a nanochip implant.
And even if there's
not a nanochip implant,
I don't want my DNA rewired.
>> NOORY: It's
bad enough for me,
as a kid growing up in the
'50s, that the polio vaccine had
the simian monkey virus in it.
And God knows what's
in my system, as a kid.
>> MCGUIRE: Exactly.
>> NOORY: So I try
not to do that.
This process of
microchipping people,
and then eventually
saying, look,
this is how we're going
to conduct commerce.
We're not going to
make money anymore.
We're going to avoid
counterfeiting.
They aren't going to
use excuses like that.
We need to stop counterfeiting.
The new $100 bill, which
is very strange looking--
>> MCGUIRE: Very strange.
>> NOORY: I was-- a friend of
mine runs a casino in Saint
Louis.
And he came up to me
and said, you know,
we just got visited
by the Secret
Service a couple days ago.
And I said, well, why?
You're a casino.
I assume it's
counterfeit money, right?
He said, it's the
new bills already,
counterfeited probably
in China, they think.
And this is supposed
to be fail-safe.
There's not supposed to be
any counterfeiting with this.
It's already happening.
So one day, they're
going to say to us, hey,
we have to stop this.
The only way to do
this is no cash.
And everybody has
to get this chip.
Now what do we do, as
individuals, when you're
forced to either/or--
and if you don't take it,
you can't pump gasoline.
You can't hold your
hand up to the screen.
What do we do, Paul?
>> MCGUIRE: Well this is a very,
very, very important question.
And I deal with it in
my book, A Prophecy
of the Future of
America, because it's
a question I get
asked all the time.
Technically, if you get a
microchip implant or a nanochip
implant-- which I
don't advise getting--
but technically that's
not related to quote,
"the mark of the
beast" necessarily.
In order for it to become
the mark of the beast,
or to be activated to be
you have to renounce any
personal faith you have in God.
You renounce your faith in God.
It's, like, almost
a ceremonial thing.
And then you pledge to
worship this Antichrist.
At that moment--
>> NOORY: Then you're in.
>> MCGUIRE: You're in.
>> NOORY: And if you protest,
who knows what they're going
to do you, right?
>> MCGUIRE: Well, the Bible's
very specific if you protest.
The actual mechanism of
death is very specifically
outlined in the scripture.
It's beheading.
It's very strange.
That was written 2000 years ago.
But if you reject the mark of
the beast, you are beheaded.
>> NOORY: Just like that.
>> MCGUIRE: Just like that.
>> NOORY: Let's hope to
God we never get to that.
>> MCGUIRE: Yeah, right.
>> NOORY: My gosh.
What kind of
society will we have
when they get to that
point that say, you know,
you've got to honor the
Antichrist-- they're not
going to say it's the
Antichrist, of course.
You've got to get your chip.
And are they actually going
to say, if you refuse,
you're going to get beheaded?
Or do they, like, capture you?
What's going to happen?
>> MCGUIRE: I don't know
how it's going to happen,
whether it's behind
closed doors or publicly.
I mean, think of
The Hunger Games.
>> NOORY: Are they going
to round people up?
>> MCGUIRE: The Hunger Games
is a sci-fi fantasy movie,
but there's some pretty heavy--
>> NOORY: Reality to that.
>> MCGUIRE: Yeah, right.
So I could see us going
into that kind of future.
And I think people need
to realize, especially
as Americans, we
have a very-- I know
I grew up in a
culture like that.
We have a very naive
view about reality.
We all think that
people think like we do,
that we have conscience,
and we have right and wrong.
But the reality is, I
know from my research,
that there are people at
the very highest levels
of our world who
have no conscience.
They believe that they
are genetically superior--
>> NOORY: That's true.
>> MCGUIRE: --that
they are God-men,
and that we're disposal.
So they would kill us,
with not a second thought.
>> NOORY: We're in their way.
>> MCGUIRE: We're in their way.
And they have no conflict,
morally, whatsoever.
It doesn't even take
a moment's hesitation.
>> NOORY: I want to go through
a few of the images that you
supplied for us, of course.
And you're a strong
believer, Paul,
that the dollar is going to
go away as the world currency,
and something else
will replace it.
Tell me about that.
>> MCGUIRE: Yeah the dollar is
being deliberately devalued.
Soros talked about
this openly on the BBC
before millions of Europeans.
So the dollar has to
be devalued in order
to bring in a global currency.
And the reason the
dollar has to be devalued
is, if the dollar is a
superior-value currency,
everybody's going to
want to hold onto it.
But if you crash the
dollar, and you equalize it
to all the other
world currencies, then
it becomes irrelevant.
So you remove the
dollar, and then you
convert to a world currency.
I believe we're on the very
precipice of seeing that world
currency conversion
happening now.
And then, Soros and others in
the British media, as you know,
have openly called
for what they call
a new international
economic order.
And we are moving
very quickly into
that new international
economic order.
>> NOORY: Do you see
that the 10 years out?
>> MCGUIRE: No, I see I
we are moving into the new
international
economic order now.
>> NOORY: What's happening in
this country economically since
2008?
The bumps in the road, I
think, were deliberately
set up to get us
into this position
that you just mentioned.
>> MCGUIRE: Absolutely,
because it's all happening
simultaneously.
There's a convergence,
economically,
and there's an acceleration.
So on one hand, we see
the dollar being devalued.
On the other hand,
we see nations
like China and Australia
trading among themselves,
in their own currency.
We see Iran, Russia, trading
in their own currencies.
The dollar is no longer the
de facto world currency.
And so, at a certain point,
the international bankers--
the guys who really control
the global economic system--
they've wanted this
for a long time.
They're going to move in
with their global currency.
But the problem is is that
Americans and Europeans
and other people, when you trade
in what's left of your dollar
for this global
currency, you're going
to get a small percentage
of the worth of your dollar,
as you convert it into
a global currency.
>> NOORY: So you're going
to lose money, basically.
>> MCGUIRE: You're going
to lose money big time.
>> NOORY: If you've got $50,000
in the bank, and you convert,
maybe you'll get, what $20,000?
>> MCGUIRE: If you're lucky.
>> NOORY: In usable money.
>> MCGUIRE: Exactly.
>> NOORY: Wow.
>> MCGUIRE: Because the goal is
to get rid of the middle class.
And you say, well,
why would anybody
want to get rid of
the middle class?
Because the American
middle class is unique.
>> NOORY: And strong.
>> MCGUIRE: And strong--
so it's a problem.
So again, you have people--
it's very hard for Americans
to grasp this.
You think of the back
of the US dollar.
And you have that
occult pyramid there.
And it is an occult pyramid.
And in case somebody doubts
that it's an occult pyramid,
then you simply
ask, well, why does
the pyramid on the
back of the US dollar
have the all-seeing
eye of Lucifer on it,
if it's not in an
occult pyramid?
>> NOORY: Right.
>> MCGUIRE: Number two, why
does it say the words "new world
order" on the base of the
pyramid, translated from Latin,
"nuvus ordo seclorum"?
So it says right there on
the back of the dollar bill
that we really live in a
hierarchical global political
system.
>> NOORY: And how old is that?
It's been around a
long time, hasn't it?
>> MCGUIRE: It goes
back to the pharaoh,
and the idea of the
pharaoh god-kings.
And this is essential to grasp.
Because the pharaoh
god-king concept is
they really believed that
the pharaoh was a god.
And there's a reason for that.
Before the flood,
you had Atlantis.
Atlantis was ruled
by 10 god-kings.
Now how do we know that?
Because Plato, the great
philosopher, wrote about it.
And he said Atlantis was ruled
by a scientific elite of 10
god-kings, a top-down society.
But who were those god-kings?
Those god-kings were the
Nephilim, or the sons of God,
that the Bible talks
about in Genesis.
And those god-kings
also gave mankind
very advanced
technology and science.
The evidence of that is the
precision by which the pyramids
are made, and the fact
that things like Babylon
and the Tower of
Babel was a stargate.
So these god-kings are ruling,
I believe-- this sounds sci-fi,
but there's a reason for it.
>> NOORY: I understand.
>> MCGUIRE: They're ruling
the global economic order.
>>NOORY: So they've
been around a long time.
>>MCGUIRE: They've been
around since before Atlantis.
And I am convinced that Atlantis
is not a fictitional society.
It's a-- was a real society.
And to show you how seriously
the top people in our world
take Atlantis-- the
elite of our world,
the power elite,
if you will-- they
read Plato, who is obsessed
with Atlantis constantly.
And they read about Plato's
new Atlantis as a model,
as a template--
>> NOORY: It's a playbook.
>> MCGUIRE: Exactly.
Exactly.
>> NOORY: I have always
thought that our leaders looked
at Revelation-- the
Book of Revelation--
and they've created world
events to begin to match that.
What do you think of that?
>> MCGUIRE: Well, there's
an amazing parallel.
You have one thing--
you have Babylon,
the first one-world government,
one-world economic system,
one-world religion.
Then you have our time
period, where we're now
the United Nations, the
international bank, IMF,
all that kinds of stuff.
And you're right.
You're right.
Because if you take the
headquarters of the European
Union in Brussels, the
architecture of that building--
it's in modern architecture,
but it's a modern architecture
version of the Tower of Babel.
They say it themselves.
>> NOORY: Isn't that amazing?
>> MCGUIRE: And then,
on their own posters,
they'll have the modern
architecture of the Tower
of Babel, which is
their headquarters,
with a painting of
the Tower of Babel.
>> NOORY: That's not
an accident, either.
>> MCGUIRE: Exactly.
Right.
They're sending a
message, like you said.
They're announcing
what they're doing.
And then they put
this metallic statue
of a woman riding the beast.
That's right out of Revelation.
That woman is the harlot.
That woman is Babylon,
riding the beast system--
the Antichrist political
system-- into power.
They're saying it.
>> NOORY: That is amazing stuff.
You have talked about with
the microchips, that there's
going to be a computer
brain interface, eventually.
What do you mean by that?
>> MCGUIRE: Yes.
HG Wells first
popularized this idea,
in a term he called the
World Brain, which he said
would be like a
world encyclopedia.
But the world brain
that's evolving now
is, like, on steroids compared
to what HG Wells talked about.
Now Google-- and I'm not
saying Google is a totalitarian
entity.
That's not my point.
>> NOORY: But it might be.
>> MCGUIRE: It could
be, in the wrong hands.
But Google is developing this
concept of a world brain.
And what it will be
is a supercomputer
that contains all of
the world's information.
And it will also contain
super artificial intelligence.
So it's this giant
computer that contains
all information, all ideas.
But here's the thing.
It's not going to be just a
storage facility of philosophy
and art and culture.
The world brain will be a
top-down domination system,
where everybody, through
the microchip implant,
will have a computer
brain interface embedded
in their being.
And the world brain will control
your thoughts, your ideas,
and dreams.
And we will live in some kind
of synthetic virtual world.
But it will be controlled
by this massive computer.
>> NOORY: That's frightening.
Who punches that button?
>> MCGUIRE: Well, if Ray
Kurzweil and the other
futurists are correct, and
the singularity takes place,
and computers evolve,
and androids evolve,
and artificial intelligence
evolves beyond mankind,
it could be-- I'm
saying this somewhat--
>> NOORY: They may takeover.
>> MCGUIRE: Yeah.
It could be the
robots run the world.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
And they'll say, we do this.
It's a perfect world.
>> MCGUIRE: Right.
>> NOORY: There's
never a problem.
>> MCGUIRE: Right.
>> NOORY: This Paul McGuire
guy's creating an issue for us.
Hit his button.
>> MCGUIRE: Right.
>> NOORY: And let's
make a change with him.
>> MCGUIRE: Well, the
kill switch would be
in the microchip implant.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> MCGUIRE: I hate to talk
about myself in that manner,
but the world brain
could decide--
>> NOORY: Let's shut him down.
>> MCGUIRE: Right.
Pop, I'm gone.
>> NOORY: Yep, until we can
make a little repair with you
or not.
>> MCGUIRE: Right, well maybe
make a clone and download
the appropriate programming.
>> NOORY: Right, because
the first one didn't work.
>> MCGUIRE: Exactly, right.
>> NOORY: That is frightening.
>> MCGUIRE: It's frightening.
>> NOORY: Realistic?
>> MCGUIRE: We're here already.
This is what people
don't understand.
And I talk about this in
my research, in my book,
and I keep saying it
over and over again.
People don't understand.
Some people do.
Your audience does,
proportionately.
>> NOORY: They're
passionate about it.
>> MCGUIRE: They're passionate--
>> NOORY: When you
were on Coast to Coast,
they went wild with
your information,
as you probably know.
>> MCGUIRE: Well,
because they're savvy,
your guests and stuff-- and you.
You get them up to speed.
But the average American doesn't
understand that we are 50--
and I believe, in many
cases, 200-- years more
advanced in our
science and technology
then most people realize.
In other words, what I'm saying
is that we are currently using,
and it's currently operational,
science-fiction type technology
that most people
don't think will
arrive until about 200 years.
But it is here now.
And it's being used in
all kinds of applications.
>> NOORY: Is it subtle
or is it direct?
>> MCGUIRE: It's subtle, and
it's hidden in plain sight.
Here is the irony--
>> NOORY: Right under our noses.
>> MCGUIRE: Right
under our noses.
It's hidden in plain sight.
You know, here's an example.
Most people have-- think
of your brain like a box.
Now some people have a
small box for a brain.
And some people have a box the
size of a football stadium.
The educational
system indoctrinates
people to think in a small box.
So most people have a
ceiling on their ideas.
The elite don't
have that ceiling.
>> NOORY: They don't.
>> MCGUIRE: They
understand, for example,
that it's quite possible that
time travel is already here.
It is factual that telepathy
and technological telepathy
is already being used.
But the average person
doesn't realize that.
>> NOORY: They don't know that
>> MCGUIRE: They
don't understand that,
through EMF waves, you can
project voices, pictures,
and commands inside
people's brains.
>> NOORY: But they don't want
the average person to know that
or to understand it.
They just want to
do it, implement it.
I'm sure our audience
drives them crazy,
because we're aware of all this.
>> MCGUIRE: Absolutley.
>> NOORY: So they want--
and I'm convinced--
they want sporting events
to keep the masses busy.
They just want to keep
them uptight with terrorism
and other issues to
keep people frightened.
And if you can put people
in that kind of a box,
they'll do anything
you want-- anything.
And that's the position I
think they want all of us in.
>> MCGUIRE: Yes, absolutely.
So people don't
understand that-- there's
nothing wrong in sports.
Sports is fun but most
people's minds is about sports.
Let's take porn.
Porn, neurologically, is
addictive as crack cocaine.
The reason porn is
allowed in our society
has nothing to do
with-- it's monetary,
but the primary purpose of
the widespread dissemination
of porn on the internet is
it's a mechanism of control.
You keep people's
minds locked in
to a cocaine-addictive
reality of virtual sex.
>> NOORY: So they don't
look outside the box.
>> MCGUIRE: Excactly, so they
don't look outside the box.
>> NOORY: And when they do,
then they have a problem.
Can we win, Paul?
Can we stop all these
atrocities from occurring?
>> MCGUIRE: This is something
that I'm very passionate about.
And it's the message
of my book, A Prophecy
of the Future of America.
There are many people who teach
Bible prophecy and research
Bible prophecy that I believe
are correct in one sense.
In the Bible, God specifically
outlines his predictive end
times prophetic program.
That cannot be undone.
So for example, you're not
going to keep the Antichrist
from coming, and
you're not going
to stop the microchip implant
or the tribulation period
from coming.
>> NOORY: That's
going to happen.
>> MCGUIRE: That's
>> NOORY: That's
going to happen.
>> MCGUIRE: Christ is going
to return at some point
in history.
However, there are
many areas where
the predictive prophecies
of the Bible is silent.
And in those situations, without
going into theological detail,
God expects people
to do what is right,
to stand up for what is true,
to pray, and to live out
their faith, which is
always love in action.
The beast system the Antichrist
system, is absent of love.
So when people put
love into action,
that means telling
the truth and not
going along with the program.
We in America,
for example, if we
were to take that mandate
seriously, we could delay,
and by God's grace,
see a reprieve,
or the brakes put
on this system.
And that would mean a
real hope for the future
for our children and
our grandchildren.
That's not antithetical
to Bible prophecy.
And I believe that that's
what God expects us to do.
>> NOORY: I think
that's very possible.
Paul, thanks for being
on Beyond Belief.
>> MCGUIRE: Thank you, George.
>> NOORY: Great information.
>> MCGUIRE: OK.
>> NOORY: So one day you may be
approached, and they may say,
hey, it's time for you to get
a microchip implanted in you.
Will you do it?
Think about it.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
[MUSIC PLAYING]